# Cafeteria Chaos Game

## Overview

Students are hungry! Fill the requests of students in time and try to aim for the high score!

Majority of this code was generated by gemini and therefore most of the (convoluted) code is inside `index.html` This file is then hosted using a node server.

For future reference, anyone who wishes to work on this must open up a terminal and `cd` into this directory before running `npm run dev`

## Known issues

- Currently the code is trying to get an image to display the food items instead of an emoji. At the moment, since there are no images I have disabled this feature to prevent the names of the food from quickly flashing before the emojis load in.
  - This is commented out in case this wants to be done in the future
- Occasionally the demo view might bug out. This is intermittent and very random and cannot be reproduced. We can attempt to utilize a video instead.

## Features

- Scoreboard system, compete with your friends to get the highest score!
- Data save, data is all stored onto a local JSON file
- Special Challenge! Get a special order in the middle of service that is worth extra points
- More to come...

## Technical Stuff

API endpoints are in `server.js`

- `GET /scores`
  - Read and send data from `scores.json` to front-end
- `POST /scores`
  - Send data from front-end to server to update `scores.json`
  - Make sure turn body to JSON otherwise will run into an error

## Support

If any issues arise reach out to Jason (jason.chen.15@stonybrook.edu) for any questions
